Updated Readme + Setup.py for PyPa (#16626)
matplotlib/matplotlib: README.rst

.. |NUMFocus| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/powered%20by-NumFOCUS-orange.svg?style=flat&colorA=E1523D&colorB=007D8A
.. _NUMFocus: http://www.numfocus.org

.. image:: doc/_static/logo2.png

Matplotlib is a comprehensive library for creating static, animated, and interactive visualizations in Python. 

Check out our `home page <http://matplotlib.org/>`_ for more information. 

.. image:: doc/_static/readme_preview.png

Matplotlib produces publication-quality figures in a variety of hardcopy formats
and interactive environments across platforms. Matplotlib can be used in Python scripts, 
the Python and IPython shell, web application servers, and various
graphical user interface toolkits.

> **Note:** The master branch is Python 3 only.  Python 2 support is being dropped.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** The master branch is Python 3 only.  Python 2 support has been dropped.
```

> **Note:** The master branch is Python 3 only.  Python 2 support has been dropped.

Reviewer 2: I don‘t think we need this anymore. It‘s 2020 and the default assumption should be Python 3.

Install
=======

For installation instructions and requirements, see `INSTALL.rst <INSTALL.rst>`_  or the
`install <http://matplotlib.org/users/installing.html>`_ documentation. 

Test
====

After installation, launch the test suite::

>   python -mpytest

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  python -m pytest
```

While technically correct, not using a space may confuse people less familiar with bash. We‘ve changed these also some time ago in the docs.
